📝 Better documentation for `fc.letrec` (#1612)
dubzzz/fast-check: documentation/Arbitraries.md

> Generate recursive structures
>

> > Prefer `fc.letrec` over `fc.memo`. Most of the features offered by `fc.memo` can now be implemented with `fc.letrec`. They will be less costly in `fc.letrec`.

Author: ```suggestion
> Prefer `fc.letrec` over `fc.memo`. Most of the features offered by `fc.memo` can now be implemented with `fc.letrec`.
```

> Generate recursive structures
>
> ⚠️ Initially `fc.memo` has been designed to offer a higher control over the generated depth. Unfortunately it came with a cost: the arbitrary itself is costly to build.
> Most of the features offered by `fc.memo` can now be done using `fc.letrec` coupled with `fc.option`, `fc.oneof` or `fc.frequency`.

> > In general we highly recommend using `fc.letrec` instead of `fc.memo`.

Author: ```suggestion
> Whenever possible*, we recommend using `fc.letrec` instead of `fc.memo`.
>
> *But sometimes it is not possible and `fc.memo` will be the way to go.
```
